README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# Om Jagdamba Tools and Services - E-Commerce Website

A modern, responsive e-commerce website for construction tools and services, built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Features smooth animations, secure payment integration simulation, and an intuitive user interface.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Functionality
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Product Catalog**: Dynamic product filtering and search functionality
- **Shopping Cart**: Add/remove items with real-time updates
- **Secure Checkout**: Simulated payment processing with success confirmation
- **Contact Forms**: Interactive contact form with validation

### User Experience
- **Smooth Animations**: CSS animations and transitions throughout
- **Loading Screen**: Professional loading animation with construction theme
- **Interactive Elements**: Hover effects, floating animations, and micro-interactions
- **Mobile Navigation**: Hamburger menu with smooth transitions
- **Scroll Animations**: Elements animate into view as user scrolls

### Technical Features
- **Modern CSS**: Flexbox, Grid, and CSS animations
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: No external frameworks, lightweight and fast
- **Font Awesome Icons**: Professional iconography
- **Google Fonts**: Custom typography with Poppins font family
- **Cross-browser Compatibility**: Works on all modern browsers

## 📁 Project Structure

```
om-jagdamba-tools/
├── index.html          # Homepage with hero section and product showcase
├── about.html          # About us page with company information
├── contact.html        # Contact page with form and FAQ
├── styles.css          # Main stylesheet with animations and responsive design
├── script.js           # JavaScript functionality and interactions
└── README.md           # Project documentation
```

## 🎨 Design Features

### Color Scheme
- Primary: #667eea (Blue gradient)
- Secondary: #764ba2 (Purple gradient)
- Accent: #ff4757 (Red for notifications)
- Background: #f8f9fa (Light gray)

### Animations
- **Loading Animation**: Bouncing construction helmet
- **Hero Section**: Floating tool icons with parallax effect
- **Product Cards**: Hover animations with shadow effects
- **Scroll Animations**: Fade-in effects for sections
- **Cart Interactions**: Smooth sidebar transitions

### Responsive Breakpoints
- Desktop: 1200px+
- Tablet: 768px - 1199px
- Mobile: 320px - 767px

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**: Semantic markup and accessibility features
- **CSS3**: Modern styling with animations and responsive design
- **JavaScript ES6+**: Interactive functionality and DOM manipulation
- **Font Awesome 6.0**: Icon library
- **Google Fonts**: Poppins font family

## 📱 Pages Overview

### Homepage (index.html)
- Hero section with animated background
- Featured products with filtering
- Services showcase
- Company features highlight

### About Page (about.html)
- Company story and mission
- Team member profiles
- Statistics and achievements
- Vision and values

### Contact Page (contact.html)
- Contact form with validation
- Business information
- FAQ section with accordion
- Interactive map placeholder

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone or Download** the project files
2. **Open index.html** in your web browser
3. **Navigate** through the website using the menu
4. **Test Features**:
   - Add products to cart
   - Try the mobile menu
   - Fill out the contact form
   - Browse different product categories

## 💡 Key Features Explained

### Shopping Cart
- Persistent cart state during session
- Real-time price calculations
- Smooth sidebar animations
- Quantity management
- Checkout simulation

### Product Management
- Dynamic product loading
- Category-based filtering
- Search functionality
- Responsive product grid
- Hover animations

### Mobile Experience
- Touch-friendly interface
- Swipe gestures for cart
- Optimized button sizes
- Collapsible navigation
- Fast loading times

## 🔧 Customization

### Adding New Products
Edit the `sampleProducts` array in `script.js`:

```javascript
{
    id: 9,
    name: "New Tool",
    price: 1299,
    category: "hand-tools",
    description: "Tool description",
    icon: "fas fa-tool-icon"
}
```

### Modifying Colors
Update CSS custom properties in `styles.css`:

```css
:root {
    --primary-color: #667eea;
    --secondary-color: #764ba2;
    --accent-color: #ff4757;
}
```

### Adding New Animations
Use CSS keyframes for custom animations:

```css
@keyframes customAnimation {
    0% { transform: translateY(0); }
    50% { transform: translateY(-10px); }
    100% { transform: translateY(0); }
}
```

## 📈 Performance Optimizations

- **Lazy Loading**: Images load as needed
- **CSS Animations**: Hardware-accelerated transforms
- **Minimal JavaScript**: No external libraries
- **Optimized Images**: Placeholder icons reduce load time
- **Efficient DOM Manipulation**: Event delegation and caching

## 🔒 Security Features

- **Form Validation**: Client-side input validation
- **XSS Prevention**: Proper data sanitization
- **Secure Patterns**: No inline JavaScript
- **HTTPS Ready**: Prepared for SSL implementation

## 🌟 Future Enhancements

- **Backend Integration**: Connect to real database
- **Payment Gateway**: Integrate actual payment processing
- **User Accounts**: Registration and login system
- **Inventory Management**: Real-time stock tracking
- **Reviews System**: Customer product reviews
- **Wishlist Feature**: Save favorite products
- **Advanced Search**: Filters and sorting options

## 📞 Support

For questions or support regarding this project:
- Email: [email]
- Phone: +91 [phone_number]
- Address: [address]

## 📄 License

This project is created for Om Jagdamba Tools and Services. All rights reserved.

---

**Built with ❤️ for the construction industry**

=======
# Om Jagdamba Tools and Services - E-Commerce Website

A modern, responsive e-commerce website for construction tools and services, built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Features smooth animations, secure payment integration simulation, and an intuitive user interface.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Functionality
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Product Catalog**: Dynamic product filtering and search functionality
- **Shopping Cart**: Add/remove items with real-time updates
- **Secure Checkout**: Simulated payment processing with success confirmation
- **Contact Forms**: Interactive contact form with validation

### User Experience
- **Smooth Animations**: CSS animations and transitions throughout
- **Loading Screen**: Professional loading animation with construction theme
- **Interactive Elements**: Hover effects, floating animations, and micro-interactions
- **Mobile Navigation**: Hamburger menu with smooth transitions
- **Scroll Animations**: Elements animate into view as user scrolls

### Technical Features
- **Modern CSS**: Flexbox, Grid, and CSS animations
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: No external frameworks, lightweight and fast
- **Font Awesome Icons**: Professional iconography
- **Google Fonts**: Custom typography with Poppins font family
- **Cross-browser Compatibility**: Works on all modern browsers

## 📁 Project Structure

```
om-jagdamba-tools/
├── index.html          # Homepage with hero section and product showcase
├── about.html          # About us page with company information
├── contact.html        # Contact page with form and FAQ
├── styles.css          # Main stylesheet with animations and responsive design
├── script.js           # JavaScript functionality and interactions
└── README.md           # Project documentation
```

## 🎨 Design Features

### Color Scheme
- Primary: #667eea (Blue gradient)
- Secondary: #764ba2 (Purple gradient)
- Accent: #ff4757 (Red for notifications)
- Background: #f8f9fa (Light gray)

### Animations
- **Loading Animation**: Bouncing construction helmet
- **Hero Section**: Floating tool icons with parallax effect
- **Product Cards**: Hover animations with shadow effects
- **Scroll Animations**: Fade-in effects for sections
- **Cart Interactions**: Smooth sidebar transitions

### Responsive Breakpoints
- Desktop: 1200px+
- Tablet: 768px - 1199px
- Mobile: 320px - 767px

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**: Semantic markup and accessibility features
- **CSS3**: Modern styling with animations and responsive design
- **JavaScript ES6+**: Interactive functionality and DOM manipulation
- **Font Awesome 6.0**: Icon library
- **Google Fonts**: Poppins font family

## 📱 Pages Overview

### Homepage (index.html)
- Hero section with animated background
- Featured products with filtering
- Services showcase
- Company features highlight

### About Page (about.html)
- Company story and mission
- Team member profiles
- Statistics and achievements
- Vision and values

### Contact Page (contact.html)
- Contact form with validation
- Business information
- FAQ section with accordion
- Interactive map placeholder

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone or Download** the project files
2. **Open index.html** in your web browser
3. **Navigate** through the website using the menu
4. **Test Features**:
   - Add products to cart
   - Try the mobile menu
   - Fill out the contact form
   - Browse different product categories

## 💡 Key Features Explained

### Shopping Cart
- Persistent cart state during session
- Real-time price calculations
- Smooth sidebar animations
- Quantity management
- Checkout simulation

### Product Management
- Dynamic product loading
- Category-based filtering
- Search functionality
- Responsive product grid
- Hover animations

### Mobile Experience
- Touch-friendly interface
- Swipe gestures for cart
- Optimized button sizes
- Collapsible navigation
- Fast loading times

## 🔧 Customization

### Adding New Products
Edit the `sampleProducts` array in `script.js`:

```javascript
{
    id: 9,
    name: "New Tool",
    price: 1299,
    category: "hand-tools",
    description: "Tool description",
    icon: "fas fa-tool-icon"
}
```

### Modifying Colors
Update CSS custom properties in `styles.css`:

```css
:root {
    --primary-color: #667eea;
    --secondary-color: #764ba2;
    --accent-color: #ff4757;
}
```

### Adding New Animations
Use CSS keyframes for custom animations:

```css
@keyframes customAnimation {
    0% { transform: translateY(0); }
    50% { transform: translateY(-10px); }
    100% { transform: translateY(0); }
}
```

## 📈 Performance Optimizations

- **Lazy Loading**: Images load as needed
- **CSS Animations**: Hardware-accelerated transforms
- **Minimal JavaScript**: No external libraries
- **Optimized Images**: Placeholder icons reduce load time
- **Efficient DOM Manipulation**: Event delegation and caching

## 🔒 Security Features

- **Form Validation**: Client-side input validation
- **XSS Prevention**: Proper data sanitization
- **Secure Patterns**: No inline JavaScript
- **HTTPS Ready**: Prepared for SSL implementation

## 🌟 Future Enhancements

- **Backend Integration**: Connect to real database
- **Payment Gateway**: Integrate actual payment processing
- **User Accounts**: Registration and login system
- **Inventory Management**: Real-time stock tracking
- **Reviews System**: Customer product reviews
- **Wishlist Feature**: Save favorite products
- **Advanced Search**: Filters and sorting options

## 📞 Support

For questions or support regarding this project:
- Email: [email]
- Phone: +91 [phone_number]
- Address: [address]

## 📄 License

This project is created for Om Jagdamba Tools and Services. All rights reserved.

---

**Built with ❤️ for the construction industry**

>>>>>>> 1a1e704d7eebaa3dc35e5fc0b35307bad07426c9
*March 2024 - Present*

Commit message:

sarthak ne jagdmaba ka jagdamb krr diya hai

README.md, after:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# Om Jagdamb Tools and Services - E-Commerce Website

A modern, responsive e-commerce website for construction tools and services, built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Features smooth animations, secure payment integration simulation, and an intuitive user interface.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Functionality
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Product Catalog**: Dynamic product filtering and search functionality
- **Shopping Cart**: Add/remove items with real-time updates
- **Secure Checkout**: Simulated payment processing with success confirmation
- **Contact Forms**: Interactive contact form with validation

### User Experience
- **Smooth Animations**: CSS animations and transitions throughout
- **Loading Screen**: Professional loading animation with construction theme
- **Interactive Elements**: Hover effects, floating animations, and micro-interactions
- **Mobile Navigation**: Hamburger menu with smooth transitions
- **Scroll Animations**: Elements animate into view as user scrolls

### Technical Features
- **Modern CSS**: Flexbox, Grid, and CSS animations
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: No external frameworks, lightweight and fast
- **Font Awesome Icons**: Professional iconography
- **Google Fonts**: Custom typography with Poppins font family
- **Cross-browser Compatibility**: Works on all modern browsers

## 📁 Project Structure

```
om-jagdamb-tools/
├── index.html          # Homepage with hero section and product showcase
├── about.html          # About us page with company information
├── contact.html        # Contact page with form and FAQ
├── styles.css          # Main stylesheet with animations and responsive design
├── script.js           # JavaScript functionality and interactions
└── README.md           # Project documentation
```

## 🎨 Design Features

### Color Scheme
- Primary: #667eea (Blue gradient)
- Secondary: #764ba2 (Purple gradient)
- Accent: #ff4757 (Red for notifications)
- Background: #f8f9fa (Light gray)

### Animations
- **Loading Animation**: Bouncing construction helmet
- **Hero Section**: Floating tool icons with parallax effect
- **Product Cards**: Hover animations with shadow effects
- **Scroll Animations**: Fade-in effects for sections
- **Cart Interactions**: Smooth sidebar transitions

### Responsive Breakpoints
- Desktop: 1200px+
- Tablet: 768px - 1199px
- Mobile: 320px - 767px

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**: Semantic markup and accessibility features
- **CSS3**: Modern styling with animations and responsive design
- **JavaScript ES6+**: Interactive functionality and DOM manipulation
- **Font Awesome 6.0**: Icon library
- **Google Fonts**: Poppins font family

## 📱 Pages Overview

### Homepage (index.html)
- Hero section with animated background
- Featured products with filtering
- Services showcase
- Company features highlight

### About Page (about.html)
- Company story and mission
- Team member profiles
- Statistics and achievements
- Vision and values

### Contact Page (contact.html)
- Contact form with validation
- Business information
- FAQ section with accordion
- Interactive map placeholder

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone or Download** the project files
2. **Open index.html** in your web browser
3. **Navigate** through the website using the menu
4. **Test Features**:
   - Add products to cart
   - Try the mobile menu
   - Fill out the contact form
   - Browse different product categories

## 💡 Key Features Explained

### Shopping Cart
- Persistent cart state during session
- Real-time price calculations
- Smooth sidebar animations
- Quantity management
- Checkout simulation

### Product Management
- Dynamic product loading
- Category-based filtering
- Search functionality
- Responsive product grid
- Hover animations

### Mobile Experience
- Touch-friendly interface
- Swipe gestures for cart
- Optimized button sizes
- Collapsible navigation
- Fast loading times

## 🔧 Customization

### Adding New Products
Edit the `sampleProducts` array in `script.js`:

```javascript
{
    id: 9,
    name: "New Tool",
    price: 1299,
    category: "hand-tools",
    description: "Tool description",
    icon: "fas fa-tool-icon"
}
```

### Modifying Colors
Update CSS custom properties in `styles.css`:

```css
:root {
    --primary-color: #667eea;
    --secondary-color: #764ba2;
    --accent-color: #ff4757;
}
```

### Adding New Animations
Use CSS keyframes for custom animations:

```css
@keyframes customAnimation {
    0% { transform: translateY(0); }
    50% { transform: translateY(-10px); }
    100% { transform: translateY(0); }
}
```

## 📈 Performance Optimizations

- **Lazy Loading**: Images load as needed
- **CSS Animations**: Hardware-accelerated transforms
- **Minimal JavaScript**: No external libraries
- **Optimized Images**: Placeholder icons reduce load time
- **Efficient DOM Manipulation**: Event delegation and caching

## 🔒 Security Features

- **Form Validation**: Client-side input validation
- **XSS Prevention**: Proper data sanitization
- **Secure Patterns**: No inline JavaScript
- **HTTPS Ready**: Prepared for SSL implementation

## 🌟 Future Enhancements

- **Backend Integration**: Connect to real database
- **Payment Gateway**: Integrate actual payment processing
- **User Accounts**: Registration and login system
- **Inventory Management**: Real-time stock tracking
- **Reviews System**: Customer product reviews
- **Wishlist Feature**: Save favorite products
- **Advanced Search**: Filters and sorting options

## 📞 Support

For questions or support regarding this project:
- Email: [email]
- Phone: +91 [phone_number]
- Address: [address]

## 📄 License

This project is created for Om Jagdamb Tools and Services. All rights reserved.

---

**Built with ❤️ for the construction industry**

=======
# Om Jagdamb Tools and Services - E-Commerce Website

A modern, responsive e-commerce website for construction tools and services, built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Features smooth animations, secure payment integration simulation, and an intuitive user interface.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Functionality
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Product Catalog**: Dynamic product filtering and search functionality
- **Shopping Cart**: Add/remove items with real-time updates
- **Secure Checkout**: Simulated payment processing with success confirmation
- **Contact Forms**: Interactive contact form with validation

### User Experience
- **Smooth Animations**: CSS animations and transitions throughout
- **Loading Screen**: Professional loading animation with construction theme
- **Interactive Elements**: Hover effects, floating animations, and micro-interactions
- **Mobile Navigation**: Hamburger menu with smooth transitions
- **Scroll Animations**: Elements animate into view as user scrolls

### Technical Features
- **Modern CSS**: Flexbox, Grid, and CSS animations
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: No external frameworks, lightweight and fast
- **Font Awesome Icons**: Professional iconography
- **Google Fonts**: Custom typography with Poppins font family
- **Cross-browser Compatibility**: Works on all modern browsers

## 📁 Project Structure

```
om-jagdamb-tools/
├── index.html          # Homepage with hero section and product showcase
├── about.html          # About us page with company information
├── contact.html        # Contact page with form and FAQ
├── styles.css          # Main stylesheet with animations and responsive design
├── script.js           # JavaScript functionality and interactions
└── README.md           # Project documentation
```

## 🎨 Design Features

### Color Scheme
- Primary: #667eea (Blue gradient)
- Secondary: #764ba2 (Purple gradient)
- Accent: #ff4757 (Red for notifications)
- Background: #f8f9fa (Light gray)

### Animations
- **Loading Animation**: Bouncing construction helmet
- **Hero Section**: Floating tool icons with parallax effect
- **Product Cards**: Hover animations with shadow effects
- **Scroll Animations**: Fade-in effects for sections
- **Cart Interactions**: Smooth sidebar transitions

### Responsive Breakpoints
- Desktop: 1200px+
- Tablet: 768px - 1199px
- Mobile: 320px - 767px

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**: Semantic markup and accessibility features
- **CSS3**: Modern styling with animations and responsive design
- **JavaScript ES6+**: Interactive functionality and DOM manipulation
- **Font Awesome 6.0**: Icon library
- **Google Fonts**: Poppins font family

## 📱 Pages Overview

### Homepage (index.html)
- Hero section with animated background
- Featured products with filtering
- Services showcase
- Company features highlight

### About Page (about.html)
- Company story and mission
- Team member profiles
- Statistics and achievements
- Vision and values

### Contact Page (contact.html)
- Contact form with validation
- Business information
- FAQ section with accordion
- Interactive map placeholder

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone or Download** the project files
2. **Open index.html** in your web browser
3. **Navigate** through the website using the menu
4. **Test Features**:
   - Add products to cart
   - Try the mobile menu
   - Fill out the contact form
   - Browse different product categories

## 💡 Key Features Explained

### Shopping Cart
- Persistent cart state during session
- Real-time price calculations
- Smooth sidebar animations
- Quantity management
- Checkout simulation

### Product Management
- Dynamic product loading
- Category-based filtering
- Search functionality
- Responsive product grid
- Hover animations

### Mobile Experience
- Touch-friendly interface
- Swipe gestures for cart
- Optimized button sizes
- Collapsible navigation
- Fast loading times

## 🔧 Customization

### Adding New Products
Edit the `sampleProducts` array in `script.js`:

```javascript
{
    id: 9,
    name: "New Tool",
    price: 1299,
    category: "hand-tools",
    description: "Tool description",
    icon: "fas fa-tool-icon"
}
```

### Modifying Colors
Update CSS custom properties in `styles.css`:

```css
:root {
    --primary-color: #667eea;
    --secondary-color: #764ba2;
    --accent-color: #ff4757;
}
```

### Adding New Animations
Use CSS keyframes for custom animations:

```css
@keyframes customAnimation {
    0% { transform: translateY(0); }
    50% { transform: translateY(-10px); }
    100% { transform: translateY(0); }
}
```

## 📈 Performance Optimizations

- **Lazy Loading**: Images load as needed
- **CSS Animations**: Hardware-accelerated transforms
- **Minimal JavaScript**: No external libraries
- **Optimized Images**: Placeholder icons reduce load time
- **Efficient DOM Manipulation**: Event delegation and caching

## 🔒 Security Features

- **Form Validation**: Client-side input validation
- **XSS Prevention**: Proper data sanitization
- **Secure Patterns**: No inline JavaScript
- **HTTPS Ready**: Prepared for SSL implementation

## 🌟 Future Enhancements

- **Backend Integration**: Connect to real database
- **Payment Gateway**: Integrate actual payment processing
- **User Accounts**: Registration and login system
- **Inventory Management**: Real-time stock tracking
- **Reviews System**: Customer product reviews
- **Wishlist Feature**: Save favorite products
- **Advanced Search**: Filters and sorting options

## 📞 Support

For questions or support regarding this project:
- Email: [email]
- Phone: +91 [phone_number]
- Address: [address]

## 📄 License

This project is created for Om Jagdamb Tools and Services. All rights reserved.

---

**Built with ❤️ for the construction industry**

>>>>>>> 1a1e704d7eebaa3dc35e5fc0b35307bad07426c9
*March 2024 - Present*
